docs(readme): remove word “both” (#16336)
grafana/loki: production/helm/loki/README.md

![Version: 6.27.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-6.27.0-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 3.4.2](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-3.4.2-informational?style=flat-square)

> Helm chart for Grafana Loki and Grafana Enterprise Logs supporting simple, scalable and distributed modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm chart for Grafana Loki and Grafana Enterprise Logs supporting monolithic, simple scalable, and microservices modes..
```
